= Fitness evaluation with music theory =

*The following strategies are used at the moment*
  * ScaleStrategy
Calculates if a given melody adheres to a specific scale, for example C major. The scale can be set as a parameter on this class.
  * IntervalStrategy
Calculates if a given melody has one or more major and/or perfect intervals. The number of major and perfect intervals can be set as parameters on this class.
  * GlobalPitchDistributionStrategy
Calculates if the lowest and highest pitch of a given melody fall within the margins specified by this class. The margin is indicated as the number of semitones and a percentage about how much of the notes must fall between the given semitones. These values can be set as parameters on this class.
  * RepeatingNotesStrategy
Calculates if a given melody has repeating notes or rests. The maximum number of repeating notes and/or rests can be set as parameters on this class.
  * PropertionRestAndNotesStrategy
Calculates the proportion between the notes and rests in a given melody. The propertion of notes/rests can be set as parameter on this class.
  * ParallelIntervalStrategy
Calculates the number of parallel intervals in this melody. Some parallel intervals are supposed to sound good, like thirds and sixths. The number of good sounding parallel intervals can be set as a parameter on this class.

*The following strategies are planned*
  * ContourStrategy
Strategy which calculates if a given melody follows a certain contour. The contour can be specified as a parameter on this class.
  * ConsecutiveNotesPitchStrategy
Strategy which calculates if consecutive notes fall between a specified pitch distance. The pitch distance can be specified as a parameter on this class.